C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe.config
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.pdb
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.g.resources
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe
C:\Users\pedbo\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\PracticasDocumentos\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe.config
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\bin\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.g.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\PracticasDocumentos.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\ClienteView.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\DialogView.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\ClienteView.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\C#\Projects\Examen 1\obj\Debug\DialogView.g.cs
