d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe.config
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\MiBotonPersonalizado.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\MiBotonPersonalizado.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.g.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ComponenteBoton\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe.config
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\bin\Debug\ComponenteBoton.pdb
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\MiBotonPersonalizado.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\MiBotonPersonalizado.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.g.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.exe
d:\Users\PedroBorreganBurgos\OneDrive\Documentos (PC Clase)\Segundo\Desarrollo de Interfaces\Examen Practico Final\ET4_3_Borregan_Pedro\obj\Debug\ComponenteBoton.pdb
